[docs] Fix external links in multiple docs (#46577)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/local-first.mdx

### Jazz

> [Jazz.tools](https://jazz.tools/) is a framework for building local-first apps. It is open source, provides first-class support for Expo and you can [self-host](https://jazz.tools/docs/getting-started/server-setup#self-hosted-database-server) it to start quickly. To learn more, check out the [examples](https://github.com/garden-co/jazz/tree/main/examples/todo-client-localfirst-expo) or see the [Getting Started Guide](https://jazz.tools/docs/install/client#jazz-framework-expo) for detailed instructions.

Reviewer: I think we need to update the framing here a bit, looks like v1 was positioned more as a framework, but v2 is focusing on being a "local-fist DB"

```suggestion
[Jazz](https://jazz.tools/) is a local-first relational database with real-time sync, offline support, and row-level permissions. It is open source, provides first-class support for Expo and React Native, and you can [self-host](https://jazz.tools/docs/getting-started/server-setup) it to start quickly. To learn more, check out the [examples](https://github.com/garden-co/jazz/tree/main/examples) or see the [Getting Started Guide](https://jazz.tools/docs/install/client) for detailed instructions.
```
